INTRODUCTION

This is the READ ME file for UUPC/extended 1.12b by Kendra Electronic
Wonderworks, and was last updated October 3, 1993.  This same file is
included in all the UUPC/extended archives.

UUPC/extended is a UUCP clone for DOS, OS/2 and, and Windows NT, and now
Windows 3.1.  The package includes MAIL and UUCP commands, it does not
include a news reader.

The software and associated documentation is copyrighted; individuals or
corporations are free to use this software on as many systems as you
desire for as long as you want without paying a fee, but it is not
public domain software.  Restrictions exist on how you may copy or
modify the software, primarily to insure you do not charge others for
the software.  See LICENSE.PRN in the documentation archive UPC12BAD.ZIP
for the details.

You are encouraged, but are not required, to register for telephone
support of the software, optionally receive the next major release when
available, and generally encourage us to keep this insanity up.  See
REGISTER.PRN for additional details.

To determine if you have the latest revision of the software, you may
send Internet mail to our automated file server LISTSERV@KEW.COM with a
body containing the messages:

        get howtoget.txt
        index

These commands will give you the latest version of the detailed
retrieval instructions, and an index of the files currently on the file
server.  See HOWTOGET.PRN in the documentation archive UPC12BAD.ZIP for
for other ways to get new versions.

Questions on this file, the programs, or the main documentation should
be sent via Internet mail to help@kew.com. If you do not have
Internet mail, you may write us at:

                UUPC/extended Support Services
                Kendra Electronic Wonderworks
                P.O. Box 132
                Arlington, MA 02174-0002 USA

As a last resort, you may also call 617-641-3452 between 8 AM and 9 PM
Eastern Time.  Note that we do not provide formal telephone support to
unregistered users, but we like to make people happy.

ABOUT THE RELEASE

This is our first major release with documents since 1.11w in September
1992.  The biggest change is the documentation has been entirely
rewritten and expanded.  We welcome your comments and suggests on our
new documents.

New since release 1.11w is Windows NT support, 32 bit OS/2 support, and
limited Windows 3.1 support.  The package also has support for
additional communications drivers, such as TCP/IP under Windows, named
pipes under OS/2, and FOSSIL under DOS.

See CHANGES.PRN for a detailed list of changes to UUPC/extended in
recent list.

The Windows NT, pre-existing 16 bit OS/2, and DOS versions are all
stable.  The OS/2 32 bit support is stable but very new; the 16 bit OS/2
version continues to exist as a backup.  The Windows 3.1 version should
be used only by those prepared to perform some debugging; it has known
problems with UUPOLL, for example.  (It is mostly being released to
allow others to test with it and offer up fixes.)

WHAT TO DO NEXT

If you did not retrieve this file out of the documentation archive
UPC112BAD.ZIP, retrieve the archive (if needed) and unpack its contents.
You should then read HOWTOGET.PRN, which includes an overview of how the
archives are organized, and will point you to the other files you need.
The documentation archive also includes installation instructions, of
course.

If you insist on retrieving all the files at once, a short guide to the
archive names is in order:

        UPC11BAD.ZIP            Documentation/sample archives
        UPC11BAP.ZIP            Documentation in Post Script format (no
                                samples)
        UPC11BAW.ZIP            Documentation source (Word for Windows
                                format, no samples)
        UPC11BD?.ZIP            MS-DOS executables
        UPC11B1?.ZIP            OS/2 1.x or 2.x (16 bit) executables
        UPC11B2?.ZIP            OS/2 2.x (32 bit) executables
        UPC11BN?.ZIP            Windows NT executables
        UPC11BS?.ZIP            Source archives
